c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\bin\Debug\FontSamples.exe.config
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\bin\Debug\FontSamples.exe
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\bin\Debug\FontSamples.pdb
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.g.resources
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.exe
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.pdb
c:\users\andy\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\bin\Debug\FontSamples.exe.config
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\bin\Debug\FontSamples.exe
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\bin\Debug\FontSamples.pdb
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.g.resources
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.exe
C:\Users\jamyers\OneDrive\Code\Visual Studio 2017\WPFSandbox\FontSamples\obj\Debug\FontSamples.pdb
